More update on the guidance (#72818)
pytorch/pytorch: torch/csrc/jit/operator_upgraders/README.md

# Guidance for Operator Developer

PyTorch’s operators sometimes require changes to maintain the high quality user experience (UX) that PyTorch is known for. These changes can be backward compatibility (BC) breaking, where older programs will no longer run as expected on the latest version of PyTorch (an old program / new runtime problem) or forward compatibility (FC) breaking, where new programs will not run on older versions of PyTorch (a new writer / old reader problem). This guidance is just for making BC breaking changes to operator. An upgrader is a method to use the new operator to mimic the old operator behavior. When a new runtime loads an old model with the old operator, the upgrader will replace the old operator in the model with the new operator. Upgraders only apply to instances of old operators to make sure they comply with the new operator contract. Please refer to the documentation [PyTorch Operator Versioning](https://github.com/pytorch/rfcs/blob/master/RFC-0017-PyTorch-Operator-Versioning.md) for more details.

> If the change to the operator is BC-breaking in either the schema or the semantics way, you will need to write an upgrader to make the change non-BC breaking. In general, you can know your operator is BC breaking, if it fails `test/forward_backward_compatibility/check_forward_backward_compatibility.py `.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the change to the operator is BC-breaking in either the schema or the semantics, you are responsible for writing an upgrader to prevent the change from becoming BC breaking.

You can determine if your change in the operator is BC breaking, if it fails `test/forward_backward_compatibility/check_forward_backward_compatibility.py `.
```

> ### Some examples BC/FC breaking changes

Reviewer: should we even include FC breaking here? maybe not since we don't have any solution for it and it may confuse people more than help.

Author: I move the FC breaking example to the note at the end. My intention is to make it easy for users to categorize their change. Let me know if it makes sense

> When making changes to the operators, the first thing to identify is if it's BC/FC breaking. Again, we only targetting for BC breaking changes on this guidance. Here are some examples to help understanding what a BC/FC changes may look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making changes to the operators, the first thing to identify is if it's BC/FC breaking. Again, we only targetting for BC breaking changes on this guidance. Here are some examples to help understanding what a BC/FC changes may look like:
```
